README.md, before:

![EFTSuite Logo](WebApp/static/eftsuitelogo-blk.png "EFTSuite Logo")

# Welcome to EFT Suite!

EFT Suite is a lightweight web application for converting physical fingerprint cards into digital EFT files for use with ATF's eForms application.

This new version of EFT Suite is inspired by the original OpenEFT (which I've been maintaining since 2024) and uses the NIST Biometric Image Software (NBIS) to handle the conversion. It is a completely new rewrite that is independent of OpenEFT but serves the same purpose: to build EFTs for you with zero upfront cost.

## Features

1.  **Upload**: Supports high-resolution scans of FD-258 cards.
2.  **Live Scan**: Supports Integrated Biometrics' line of ten-print scanners (At least the IB Kojak).
3.  **Crop & Rotate**: Built-in tool to manually rotate and crop the image to the card boundary.
4.  **Align & Segment**: Suggests default fingerprint locations based on standard card layout.
6.  **Interactive Editor**: Allows users to adjust bounding boxes for individual prints to ensure accuracy.
7.  **Data Entry**: Validates and collects required Type-2 demographic data (Name, DOB, SSN, etc.).
8.  **EFT Generation**: Uses compiled NBIS tools (`an2k`, `nfiq`, `opj_compress`) to generate compliant EFT files.
9.  **Multi-Type Support**: Allows users to pick from Type-14 ("ATF-compliant, *suggested*) prints and full Type-4 (rolled) prints. **Note**: we recommend using ATF-compliant prints.
10.  **Smart Compression**: Automatically ensures the final EFT file is under ATF's 12MB limit by adjusting compression ratios if needed.

## Prerequisites

- **Docker**: The application is containerized. Ensure Docker is installed on your machine.
- **Docker Hub**: You can pull this directly from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/robbstumpf/eftsuite)

## Build & Run

### 1. Build the Docker Image
**Important:** You must run this command from the **root directory** of the repository.

```bash
docker build -t eftsuite .
```

*Or* you can **pull the Image directly from Docker Hub** (Recommended):

```bash
docker pull robbstumpf/eftsuite:latest
```

**Important**: If you are on macOS / Apple Silicon, you'll need to specify the platform or you will get an error:

```bash
docker pull --platform linux/x86_64 robbstumpf/eftsuite
```

![Pull EFTSuite 2 via Docker Hub](WebApp/static/img/docker1.jpg "Pull EFTSuite via Docker Hub")

*Note: The build process compiles NBIS tools from source and may take a few minutes.*

### 2. Run the Container

If compiled manually...

```bash
docker run -p 8080:8080 eftsuite
```

If pulled from Docker Hub...

```bash
docker run -p 8080:8080 robbstumpf/eftsuite
```
![Run Docker container](WebApp/static/img/docker2.jpg "Run Docker container")

### 3. Access the Application
Open your browser and navigate to:
[http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)

## Usage Guide


### **Upload Card**

![FD258 upload](WebApp/static/img/2.jpg "FD258 upload")

Select your scanned FD-258 image (JPG/PNG).


### **Crop & Rotate**

![FD258 crop](WebApp/static/img/3.jpg "FD258 crop")

- Use the **Rotate** buttons to orient the card upright.
- Drag a box around the actual card area (excluding scanner bed background).
- Click "Next"


### **Select Print Type**

![Select print type](WebApp/static/img/4.jpg "Select print type")

- Select your desired print type. We recommend going with the ATF-complaint Type-14 records, as the rolled (Type 4) are not used by the ATF.


### **Verify Boxes**

![Verify bounding boxes](WebApp/static/img/5.jpg "Verify bounding boxes")

You will see the aligned image with boxes around the expected fingerprint locations.
- **Drag** boxes to move them.
- **Resize** boxes using the corners (Top-Left or Bottom-Right).
- Ensure the boxes capture the full print.


### **Enter Data**

![Personal details](WebApp/static/img/6.jpg "Personal details")

Fill out the required fields.


### **Verify Details**

![Verify details](WebApp/static/img/7.jpg "Verify details")

Final confirmation is presented of your personal details and the fingerprint images

![Download EFT](WebApp/static/img/8.jpg "Download EFT")


### **Download**

That's it, you're done! Click "Delete File & Start Over" to remove the temporary session data.



## Technical Details

-   **Backend**: FastAPI (Python)
-   **Image Processing**: OpenCV, NumPy
-   **Biometrics**: NBIS (NIST Biometric Image Software) - `opj_compress` (JPEG 2000), `nfseg`, `an2k`.
-   **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML/JS/CSS.

## Troubleshooting

**Build Fails with "setup.sh not found":**
Ensure you are running `docker build .` from the root of the project folder, not inside a subdirectory.

Commit message:

add docker-compose example, update readme with instructions

README.md, after:

![EFTSuite Logo](WebApp/static/eftsuitelogo-blk.png "EFTSuite Logo")

# Welcome to EFT Suite!

EFT Suite is a lightweight web application for converting physical fingerprint cards into digital EFT files for use with ATF's eForms application.

This new version of EFT Suite is inspired by the original OpenEFT (which I've been maintaining since 2024) and uses the NIST Biometric Image Software (NBIS) to handle the conversion. It is a completely new rewrite that is independent of OpenEFT but serves the same purpose: to build EFTs for you with zero upfront cost.

## Features

1.  **Upload**: Supports high-resolution scans of FD-258 cards.
2.  **Live Scan**: Supports Integrated Biometrics' line of ten-print scanners (At least the IB Kojak).
3.  **Crop & Rotate**: Built-in tool to manually rotate and crop the image to the card boundary.
4.  **Align & Segment**: Suggests default fingerprint locations based on standard card layout.
6.  **Interactive Editor**: Allows users to adjust bounding boxes for individual prints to ensure accuracy.
7.  **Data Entry**: Validates and collects required Type-2 demographic data (Name, DOB, SSN, etc.).
8.  **EFT Generation**: Uses compiled NBIS tools (`an2k`, `nfiq`, `opj_compress`) to generate compliant EFT files.
9.  **Multi-Type Support**: Allows users to pick from Type-14 ("ATF-compliant, *suggested*) prints and full Type-4 (rolled) prints. **Note**: we recommend using ATF-compliant prints.
10.  **Smart Compression**: Automatically ensures the final EFT file is under ATF's 12MB limit by adjusting compression ratios if needed.

## Prerequisites

- **Docker**: The application is containerized. Ensure Docker is installed on your machine.
- **Docker Hub**: You can pull this directly from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/robbstumpf/eftsuite)

## Build & Run

### 1. Build the Docker Image
**Important:** You must run this command from the **root directory** of the repository.

```bash
docker build -t eftsuite .
```

*Or* you can **pull the Image directly from Docker Hub** (Recommended):

```bash
docker pull robbstumpf/eftsuite:latest
```

**Important**: If you are on macOS / Apple Silicon, you'll need to specify the platform or you will get an error:

```bash
docker pull --platform linux/x86_64 robbstumpf/eftsuite
```

![Pull EFTSuite 2 via Docker Hub](WebApp/static/img/docker1.jpg "Pull EFTSuite via Docker Hub")

*Note: The build process compiles NBIS tools from source and may take a few minutes.*

### 2. Run the Container

If compiled manually...

```bash
docker run -p 8080:8080 eftsuite
```

If pulled from Docker Hub...

```bash
docker run -p 8080:8080 robbstumpf/eftsuite
```
![Run Docker container](WebApp/static/img/docker2.jpg "Run Docker container")

### 3. Access the Application
Open your browser and navigate to:
[http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)

## Docker Compose

Ensure you have the docker compose tool [https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/](installed).

### 1. Copy the `docker-compose.yml` file from the root of this repo

### 2. Make any changes to docker-compose.yml (ports, volumes, logging, etc)
`cd location/of/docker-compose.yml`
`nvim docker-compose.yml` (or editor of your choice)

### 3. Pull/build/run container
`docker compose up -d`

## Usage Guide


### **Upload Card**

![FD258 upload](WebApp/static/img/2.jpg "FD258 upload")

Select your scanned FD-258 image (JPG/PNG).


### **Crop & Rotate**

![FD258 crop](WebApp/static/img/3.jpg "FD258 crop")

- Use the **Rotate** buttons to orient the card upright.
- Drag a box around the actual card area (excluding scanner bed background).
- Click "Next"


### **Select Print Type**

![Select print type](WebApp/static/img/4.jpg "Select print type")

- Select your desired print type. We recommend going with the ATF-complaint Type-14 records, as the rolled (Type 4) are not used by the ATF.


### **Verify Boxes**

![Verify bounding boxes](WebApp/static/img/5.jpg "Verify bounding boxes")

You will see the aligned image with boxes around the expected fingerprint locations.
- **Drag** boxes to move them.
- **Resize** boxes using the corners (Top-Left or Bottom-Right).
- Ensure the boxes capture the full print.


### **Enter Data**

![Personal details](WebApp/static/img/6.jpg "Personal details")

Fill out the required fields.


### **Verify Details**

![Verify details](WebApp/static/img/7.jpg "Verify details")

Final confirmation is presented of your personal details and the fingerprint images

![Download EFT](WebApp/static/img/8.jpg "Download EFT")


### **Download**

That's it, you're done! Click "Delete File & Start Over" to remove the temporary session data.



## Technical Details

-   **Backend**: FastAPI (Python)
-   **Image Processing**: OpenCV, NumPy
-   **Biometrics**: NBIS (NIST Biometric Image Software) - `opj_compress` (JPEG 2000), `nfseg`, `an2k`.
-   **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML/JS/CSS.

## Troubleshooting

**Build Fails with "setup.sh not found":**
Ensure you are running `docker build .` from the root of the project folder, not inside a subdirectory.
